chore: added feature section for realtime updates, clarified onUpdate (#109)
DevCycleHQ/devcycle-docs: docs/sdk/client-side-sdks/javascript.md

const value = variable.value
```

If the value is not ready, it will return the default value passed in the creation of the variable. 

The `onUpdate` can accept one handler function that will be called with a variable value that is different from the previous variable value.

> This update handler only gets called after any `identifyUser` or `resetUser` calls:

Reviewer: this isn't true since we've added realtime updates.
Maybe say something like 
```

The `onUpdate` accepts a handler function that will be called whenever a variable value has changed.
This can occur as a result of a project configuration change, or calls to `identifyUser` or `resetUser`. There can only be one onUpdate function registered at a time. Subsequent calls to this method will overwrite the previous handler:
```

> This can occur as a result of a project configuration change or calls to `identifyUser` or `resetUser`. There can only be one onUpdate function registered at a time, subsequent calls to this method will overwrite the previous handler:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can occur as a result of a project configuration change or calls to `identifyUser` or `resetUser`. There can only be one onUpdate function registered at a time. Subsequent calls to this method will overwrite the previous handler:
```

> This can occur as a result of a project configuration change or calls to `identifyUser` or `resetUser`. There can only be one onUpdate function registered at a time. Subsequent calls to this method will overwrite the previous handler:

Reviewer: maybe link to realtime updates page here?

})
```

## Subscribing to SDK Events

The SDK can emit certain events when specific actions occur which can be listened on by subscribing to them:

```javascript
dvcClient.subscribe('variableUpdated:*', (key: string, variable: DVCVariable) => {
    // key is the variable that has been updated
    // variable is the DVCVariable object containing the new value

>     if (variable.value === 'new_value') {

Reviewer: not sure what this check is doing.

this method is only ever called if the variable value has changed

Reviewer: maybe just do 
`console.log(`New variable value for variable ${key}: ${variable.value}`)` or something?

It just seems confusing that the value is being checked here and then the comment afterwards implies that because of this check we now know that the variable value has changed

        // variable value has changed from previous config
    }
})
```

The first argument is the name of the event that you can subscribe to. The `subscribe` method will throw an error if you try to
subscribe to an event that doesn't exist. These are the events you can subscribe to:

| **Event**        | **Key**             | **Handler Params**                     | **Description**                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
|------------------|---------------------|----------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | Initialized      | `initialized`       | `(initialized: boolean)`               | An initialized event is emitted once the SDK has received its first config from DevCycle, this event gets called once.                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Initialized      | `initialized`       | `(initialized: boolean)`               | An initialized event is emitted once the SDK has received its first config from DevCycle. This event will only be emitted once.                                                                                                                                                         |
```

})
```

## Subscribing to SDK Events

The SDK can emit certain events when specific actions occur which can be listened on by subscribing to them:

```javascript
dvcClient.subscribe('variableUpdated:*', (key: string, variable: DVCVariable) => {
    // key is the variable that has been updated
    // variable is the DVCVariable object containing the new value
    if (variable.value === 'new_value') {
        // variable value has changed from previous config
    }
})
```

The first argument is the name of the event that you can subscribe to. The `subscribe` method will throw an error if you try to

> subscribe to an event that doesn't exist. These are the following events you can subscribe to:

Reviewer: "These are the events"
or
"The following are the events"

| **Event**        | **Key**             | **Handler Params**                     | **Description**                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
|------------------|---------------------|----------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | Initialized      | `initialized`       | `(initialized: boolean)`               | An initialized event is emitted once the SDK has received it's first config from DevCycle, this event gets called once.                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Initialized      | `initialized`       | `(initialized: boolean)`               | An initialized event is emitted once the SDK has received its first config from DevCycle, this event gets called once.                                                                                                                                                         |
```

| Error            | `error`             | `(error: Error)`                       | If any error occurs in the SDK, this event emits that error.                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

> | Variable Updated | `variableUpdated:*` | `(key: string, variable: DVCVariable)` | This event gets triggered when a variable's value changes between `identify` or `reset` calls. You can subscribe to all variable updates using the `*` identifier, or you can pass in the key of the variable you want to subscribe to, e.g. `variableUpdated:my_variable_key`. |

Reviewer: don't mention identify or reset since realtime updates changes variable updates.
